Studio - Minor Fixes and Readme Updates (#4)
redwoodjs/studio: README.md

1. Make your changes to the source code.
2. Run `yarn studio:package` - this will rebuild the project and package it locally.
3. Restart `yarn rw-studio` from within the `__fixtures__/test-project` directory.

> 4. Run the Test Project that send into to Studio using `yarn rw dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the Test Project that send in to Studio using `yarn rw dev`
```

> 5. Be sure you set the OpenTelemetry sdk to your environment's correct path in `redwood.toml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Be sure you set the OpenTelemetry sdk path in `redwood.toml` to point to the correct path for your project
```

```
[experimental.opentelemetry]
	enabled = true
	apiSdk = "/Users/dthyresson/Dropbox/Code/redwoodjs/studio/__fixtures__/test-project/api/dist/opentelemetry.js"

```
If you have to generate migrations because you have altered the database schema please use `yarn studio:migrate` as this will set the appropriate configuration above the default `yarn rw prisma migrate dev`.

### Development

If you want to try out any Studio GraphQL queries, you may access the Studio GraphQL Playground at:

`http://localhost:4318/.redwood/functions/graphql`

> If you want to make ad hoc queries against the SQLite database, you can find it in:
> 
> `__fixtures__/test-project/.redwood/studio/prisma.sqlite`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to make ad hoc queries against the SQLite database, you can find it in `.redwood/studio/prisma.sqlite` in the project that sends data to Studio
```

### Troubleshooting

> If you run into any migration issues, run `yarn studio:reset` to remove the database so that can re-run migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into any migration issues, run `yarn studio:reset` to remove the database so that migrations can be rerun.
```

>  `yarn studio:reset`  Can also be used reset and clear out the studio db.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `yarn studio:reset` Can also be used to reset and clear out the studio db.
```

> If you do not see any traces or spans, check that your `redwood.toml` points to the correct path:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not see any traces or spans, check that your `redwood.toml` points to the correct path, for example:
```
